Add statistics documentation (#1175)
PyPSA/PyPSA: doc/user-guide/statistics.rst

    ~pypsa.statistics.StatisticsAccessor.revenue
    ~pypsa.statistics.StatisticsAccessor.market_value

Usage
-----------------

To utilize the statistics module, instantiate the accessor from a PyPSA network object 
as follows:

.. doctest::

    >>> n = pypsa.Network()

You can then call specific methods from the ``statistics`` property to calculate various 
metrics, such as installed capacity or operational expenditure. For example:

.. doctest::

    >>> installed_capacity = n.statistics.installed_capacity()
    >>> installed_capacity
    Component  carrier
    Generator  gas        100.0
               wind        50.0
               solar       30.0
    Name: optimal_capacity, dtype: float64
    
    >>> opex = n.statistics.opex()
    >>> opex
    Component  carrier
    Generator  gas        1000.0
               wind          0.0
               solar         0.0
    Name: opex, dtype: float64

Have a look at the method's docstring for more details on the arguments.

For example, to calculate the capital expenditure (capex) as a sum for all components, 
you can use:

.. doctest::

    >>> n.statistics.capex(aggregate_groups='sum')

> Similarly, to calculate the operational expenditure for all Link components, which 
> attend to the hydrogen (H2) bus:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similarly, to calculate the operational expenditure for all Link components, which 
connect to hydrogen (H2) buses:
```

.. doctest::

    >>> n.statistics.opex(comps=["Link"], bus_carrier="H2")

> 
> Similarly, to calculate the operational expenditure for all Link components, which 
> attend to the hydrogen (H2) bus:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
